hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a science fiction thriller film: "Stowaway"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
the crew of three dock with their starship to Mars, for a two-year science research mission
as the mission Commander, Marina is taking off
together with biologist David and medical researcher Zoe
the significance of this trip to Mars is so extraordinary
that even the veteran astronaut Marina's heart beats fast
followed by some violent vibrations, they safely pass through the danger zone
Zoe is mesmerized by the breath-taking beauty of the space
David reckons with a smile that it is his best trip ever
when the spaceship is approaching the destination
Marina successfully docks it to the space station
then various parts slot into the space station to unroll the solar panels to provide power
when that is set, the trio move into the space station and settle down
everyone is relieved at the arrival and excited for their new chapter of life
Zoe does a quick health check for the team and gladly concludes that everyone is fine
the sight of Planet earth is so beautiful that each glance brings abundant joy to Zoe
so far, the trip has been a smooth sailing
Marina reports the current status to the mission control
and ensures them they are confident of accomplishing the mission
among the crew, Marina is in charge of the technical operation of the ship
Zoe carries out medical research and takes care of their well-being
David shoulders the crucial responsibility to cultivate plants that are suitable for Mars
and looks into expanding the Martain ecology in the future
while the scientists are occupied with their research work
Marina walks around the spacecraft to check its device and relevant data
suddenly, a drop of blood on the command module floor catches her attention
looking up, she finds the blood dripping from the overhead compartment of the starship
she quickly drills it open
to her shock, when she pops the overhead compartment open, a bloodied body tumbles out
worse still, the connecting pipe is going to break due to the overwhelming weight
as Marina tries her best to hold up the man, she is injured
at the same time, the broken pipe leads to a severe gas leakage
fortunately, David and Zoe come over to lend a helping hand, saving the golden time for salvage
Marina shuts the leaking valve
but the situation deteriorates so drastically that she has to close the cabin
on the other hand, Zoe gives the man an emergency treatment
he has a long cut on his waist and is bleeding profusely
after Zoe stitches up his wounds, his condition is kept under control
while the man falls in a coma, the crew gather for a discussion
they have no idea about the identity or motive of the man
just when they are rendered clueless, Marina discovers his work pass
and confirms the man's identity with the mission control
but she is told that he is not part of the mission
Marina hence suspects that the man is a stowaway
but no one knows why he would board the spaceship
Marina has to take more rest until her arm injury recovers
so most of the workload falls on Zoe and David
one dire consequence they are faced with is the rising level of carbon dioxide
to keep the cabin safe, David takes out the spare oxygen cylinder and releases it
at this time,  Stowaway wakes up and wobbles out of the cabin
when he sees the Earth through the porthole, he is totally freaked out
the fact that he has gone out to the space is unbelievable
when Stowaway is confused, Zoe tells him to calm down
it takes a while for Stowaway to regain his composure
he has many questions to ask, and so do the crew members
it turns out that Stowaway is a launch tech of the space center
but he does not know why he is jammed up in the crawl space
the last thing he remembers is having a walk with his daughter
when Stowaway learns that the spaceship has been sailing for more than 12 hours
he begs Marina to send him back to Earth
no one on board is authorized to entertain such a request
in order to give Stowaway some personal time to juggle such an accident
the trio left his cabin
later, Stowaway picks himself up to face the music
and apologizes to the crew for his ruthless reactions
Marina updates the mission control about Stowaway and waits for their further instruction
though Stowaway does not join the trip by his own will
he will have to work together with the team for the time being
on the second day, Zoe takes Stowaway around for orientation
when Stowaway sees the Earth, he is much more calmer
still, the pretty blue globe pierces his heart
Stowaway soon keeps himself busy helping David
on the other hand, Marina has performed a thorough check of the broken cabin
to their dismay, all the damaged parts are burnt down, and the chance of repair is rather slim
the life support system of the spacecraft, which removes carbon dioxide from the air
is destroyed severely
as a result, carbon dioxide is increasing while the oxygen is dropping
Marina informs the headquarter about the detrimental challenge, but she receives no reply
it is clear that they will have to deal with the matter themselves
Marina explains to David that the life support system fails to create any oxygen from now on
so their life depends on the existing amount of oxygen
Marina is curious if David's plants can produce enough oxygen for their survival
however, the amount of oxygen produced by the plants is negligible
to save time, David offers to try it with newly cultivated seaweed
but it is up to chance whether it would provide more oxygen
then he begins to cultivate algae
Zoe and Marina have brought the malfunctioned critical equipment back to the cabin
hoping that it can be repaired
the good news is that the algae do release more oxygen
but David is reluctant to continue with the work
these plants are to be sent to Mars for life cultivation
so it is really a pity to just make oxygen out from them
Marina understands David's concerns
but the life support device is completely burned and beyond repair
they will have to deal with the shortage of oxygen sooner or later
their survival is at risk without enough supply of oxygen
without much choice, David puts his important plants aside
and fully focuses on cultivating more algae
however, even though more algae are grown
the amount of oxygen it can create is far less than required
Stowaway has gradually adapted to life in space
and become more actively involved in the expedition to Mars
to their dismay, the new batch of algae cultivated has all died
it is a blow for David, and a fatal wound for the ship's crew
then another fatal blow comes from headquarters
in response to their report, the mission control does a simulation
and finds out that the remaining oxygen could only support two people
given that right now, there are four passengers on board, meaning two of them have to die
Marina gathers the two scientists to reveal such a stark reality
even with David's plants supplying oxygen for a third crew member
they still have to give up one life
since Stowaway is the extra one, David and Marina suggest dumping him
but Zoe is totally against the plan
she argues that sacrificing Stowaway is no different from committing murder
given the current rate of oxygen consumption, there is still enough oxygen to last for a while
Zoe urges the team to think of other solutions in the next ten days
should all other plans fail, they will turn to the last resort
however, Stowaway knows nothing about the crisis, and the rest just pretends nothing happens
time ticks away day by day, and the oxygen is running out
Zoe cries in secret because there is no way for them to restore the equipment
so all she has done is buying a little time for Stowaway
David breaks with routine and explains the situation to Stowaway
providing him with a painless lethal injection
after all, as a stowaway, he cannot contribute to the mission, but he is consuming their oxygen
Stowaway feels guilty for being such a burden to the crew
but committing suicide is nothing simple
during his struggles, he has tried to administer a shot, but in the end, he gives up
however, the fate of the mission depends on his choice
after much consideration, Stowaway bids farewell to his daughter via a video call
Zoe happens to discover Stowaway downcast in pain and sorrow
the injection syringe lying on the floor says it all
Zoe does not want to give up so easily
she encourages Stowaway not to give up with her own story
Zoe was once drowned but saved in the end
so even in the direst situation, she does not say die
since there is time before the dateline, Zoe asks Stowaway to cheer up
moved by her sharing, Stowaway finally stops his attempts to commit suicide
Zoe then speaks with David and rails against him for his immorality
but David insists that the current situation rules out other choices for them
it is unfair to accuse him of killing Stowaway
in fact, to save the crew, he has forgone his plants cultivated for years
those plants might not be important to others
but to him, they are as precious as his own life
David in turn, criticizes Zoe for not fathoming his sacrifice
Zoe continues to search and try various ways to resolve the crisis
and she thinks of a solution
there must extra supply of oxygen in other parts of the spaceship
as long as they climb the tethers, they will be able to locate and obtain the emergency supply
Stowaway wants to give it a try, but he has not been trained for spacewalks
even though Zoe gives him a detailed briefing and demonstration
Stowaway cannot master the movements
if the crew decides to go ahead with the plan, David will have to venture together with Zoe
however, let alone various kinds of potential risks
when they move out of the cabin, they will deplete the oxygen supply
if the mission fails, the crew is doomed
however, if they do not take the risk, Stowaway will have to die
after rounds of careful considerations, Marina endorses the plan
she makes clear to David and Zoe all the precautions before they embark on the journey
so David and Zoe leave the cabin to climb up the tethers
at first, it is very difficult for them to move up
but the situation becomes better
when the space station rotates, and the gravitational pull weakens
they slide smoothly across the solar panel
as David wanders far away, Zoe pulls him back
and then they have to descend to the destination
even though this part does not require much strength
each of their movement holds Marina breathless
followed by their safe landing on an intermediate position, they have to go further down
Zoe's heart almost falls out during this part of the mission
when she tries to open the door, the door is swung open, and its handle flies off her hand
fortunately, Zoe is not injured, and she manages to go in safely
according to Marina's instruction, Zoe measures the pressure of various pipes
and confirms that they are filled with oxygen
David then assists Zoe in filling cylinders with oxygen
when they are filling the second cylinder, an emergency breaks out
a high energy solar flare coming towards them triggers the alarm
Marina commands them to come back immediately
so Zoe departs the place before she can fill the second cylinder to the full
on their way back, Zoe loses her balance and falls down
as a result, she loses the oxygen cylinder, which is fully filled
although they return to the space station before the solar flare arrives
they do not bring back much oxygen supply
the one cylinder they take back contains very little amount of oxygen
so the four of them are now in a predicament
if they do not do anything, they will lose their lives soon
on the other hand, the radiation of solar storms is so deadly that once they go out
they will be severely injured
Stowaway volunteers to retrieve the cylinder left behind, but he cannot even climb well
David intends to make the sacrifice, but Zoe insists on doing it
she explains that David is a father and his child needs him
in the end, Zoe bravely sets off with the astronaut attire
fully exposed to the radiation, her skin is burnt
overcoming many hurdles, Zoe brings back the cylinder
Marina's heart aches as she looks at Zoe suffering from the radiation
Zoe's great sacrifice brings tears to the remaining crew
in the end, the cylinder is delivered to the spacecraft safely, but Zoe is not able to return
at the last moment of her life, Zoe sits still on the top of the cabin
the solar flare takes away her life, but her sacrifice rekindles the hope of the rest
this's Daniel CC movie channel, peace out